[Applause]
I love the band I love you thank you so
much well I'm very happy to have you
here do you feel pressure now to really
dress to the nines because I feel like
now that everybody's paying attention to
everything you wear it's like you have
to now right I don't know about that you
didn't see me we didn't see each other
backstage right yeah were you warned
that I was gonna be looking like this I
just had a feeling last time you were
here there was a lot of commotion online
and like whatever you were wearing sold
out everywhere I don't know I should be
dressing like you you look Fenton no you
look great this is your thing you should
do this of course I don't have the
confidence that my friends are too mean
for me to dress like this you are a man
of many many talents not true yes true I
disagree I heard you were just in London
performing for the Queen of England
believe it or not can you believe it
with this band we were asked to be
because we were there anyway I went to
Paris coz we were doing promotion for
the record that just came out and we
were promoting this record and they
asked us to perform it at Royal Albert
Hall but you know this place um and for
the Day of Remembrance which they
celebrate every you know like we do
Veterans Day right but there they make a
show that the royal family goes to and
all of Britain watches and so we
performed and the Queen was there and
and all of their Royals which if they
say is uncommon but everybody showed up
yeah did you meet her no you did not
know but that was unclear that I you
know I thought maybe we'll meet her you
know yeah but I know and I kept asking I
kept saying are we gonna meet her do you
think after how does that go and at what
point will we know and what should I do
exactly I was kind of preparing myself
it was inconclusive all along the way
people were maybe you will i I don't
know yet let me ask somebody else nobody
seemed to know until the end of the show
we came to the end of the show and I
said well what do you think no-one
interesting that's interesting you think
of you come to perform at her show
she'd say hello he's not obliged to say
hello no I guess
did you know you were gonna say have you
thought about that I hadn't you know you
know just anecdotally I asked people but
no I expected if we work in a meter that
we'd be you know would be some cramming
and some training right you have to
learn to curtsy and whatnot and do all
the head stuff I think I think just like
they told me what to do before I saw you
what did they take
what did they say I don't know prepared
shouldn't there be some I don't know
there are no rules or anything like that
and I do want to speak about this album
because you have some interesting
collaborators on this album probably
know them all they probably all been on
your show I think they have as a matter
of well half the I love this album half
are instrumentals but half our guest
singers yes um
listen to Sharon Van Etten's and Fiona
Apple Gregory Porter yet to Renault
Gregory Porter yes I didn't hear one of
what he sings with us and Miley Cyrus
he's been here many times is she the
most famous person you've played music
with probably although I'm thinking back
hey one time you know I've you know who
I sat in with who Aerosmith oh wow wow
that's a good one they were they were
doing a concert in some 80 thousand seat
arena that they filled up and I was on
the side of the stage for one reason or
another I'd met them on Saturday Night
Live and tonight uh Tom Arnold brought
me to this concert and a helicopter
I don't know how it happened push
Fortson eager flying it you know we were
on the side stage and at the end of the
show Stephen Tommy said okay Jeff are
you gonna play with us or what I was
like oh wow I went out and the piano
players stepped aside sit near the
courts are you ready for it
no you weren't yeah no we play you know
but it but I got some chords and I was
able to play along it was great wow
that's pretty yeah that's a pretty good
one yeah no kidding yeah 80,000 people
that's a huge crowd and you love doing
this and you also have a television
show that it's on Disney Plus in is it
correct to call it a travel show or is
it not a travel show I don't think it's
a travel show real experiential show
it's an experience for me yeah yes they
sent me everywhere around the United
States okay more which I hope we do
maybe we'll go outside internationally
but here we went to all kind of places
that I never would have gone otherwise
and I had experience what were some of
the highlights of this of these
experiences they sent me everywhere we
did a pools episode on all things pools
which included a sensory deprivation
tank which I went into and had an
experience and and I went into this NASA
neutral buoyancy lab pool which is the
biggest in the world
they had a replica of the International
Space Station at the bottom so the
training with these women were who were
gonna be astronauts went to the bottom
of the pool and practiced weightlessness
I went in with them talked to them all
that stuff this neutral buoyancy mean it
means you're just like yeah they think
they put weights on you such that in the
water it's like it replicates what
weightlessness in space is like so they
can stay there for six hours and do
their work how long were you in there 20
minutes Oh give me then I got pruney and
I beg I beg to be let out of there and
then they send us to raging waters I've
never been to a waterpark
yes many times of course yeah ever been
there you know I'm like a weatherman or
something they put me they made me do
everything but me and a weatherman you
know now we cut to Jevon here look at
you and yeah they put me in a big kind
of hot tub you know going down this to
harrowing yeah all out a waterslide yeah
right I never had a waterslide
experience my life was ending
the first time ever did you get to go in
the lazy river
did they have yeah I did go in the laser
right
it's very nice sitting along with this
for the show Jeff that's it no we got a
weird take break we come back we see a
clip from your new television show and
later on we're gonna air music from Jeff
Goldblum every right back what you're
witnessing is me getting my first tattoo
lesson and it just went on I didn't know
what it was vibrating like that is it
gonna keep vibrating like that I like
that Jeff Goldblum is with us this is
and so you actually tattooed somebody
yes I went to Pittsburgh where they have
a tad Jeff Goldblum day and one of the
parlors there they just do Jeff Goldblum
tattoos oh yeah I surprised them we got
it on film and there's a guy dr. blob
nur is in fact his name it was getting
me but on his calf and I said dr.
bleibner can I do a couple of marks he
said okay so on camera I'm giving him a
tattoo did you do a good job with his
tattoo I only did a little bit it was
there any talk that you might get him
tattooed on your body on that day just
to be fair just to be fair if you have
any tattoos I don't have tattoos no I
think I have tattoos I guess no really
well I mean I feel like I I don't know I
feel like I've seen you with your shirt
off in a lot of movies and I know
there's a lot more to me than just my
you have tattoos horse oh no oh you know
okay alright yeah
[Applause]
you got a you've also got a grill about
it on this young listen to this so we
did never sewn on jewelry or glitter and
we went to all different kind of places
one of which was in Houston a place
called Johnny Dangs
fine jewelry Emporium he does a quaver
and he does yes way mofo yep from me go
Wayne uh-huh I did a commercial one part
a lot a lot of people out of wrappers
anyway part of the show was to see if I
was gonna get and he gave me a mold and
he gave me a he gave me a grill at the
end of the show I don't want to ruin
anything it'll be on a little bit
I get the grill and I try it on would
you try it on I've got the grill here I
bought the girl here let's see I've
never this is the first time it's seen
the light of day outside that thing oh
all right I don't want to not look well
alarm your turn well here's your also
rat hair Raymond I'll tell you what it's
ok to open them ready yes
I know you're gonna be in you should see
I know you're gonna be in the next row
assic world movie yes I am if you get
you could probably scare the dinosaurs
with that right back that's right yeah
not yeah no that's not your thing I
don't think daily yeah no it's not you
it's bothering me in a way yeah oh it's
so much better it's like where I used to
take out my contact lenses I was always
so happy to take out contact lenses yeah
I don't like anything interrupting me ya
know who would all right who wants to be
interrupted Jeff you have something
special for our audience that I think I
think they're gonna really like really
yes I may i yes you may go I've been
deputized by the power vested me I have
the ability to give a gift to everyone
in the studio audience and you know what
it is it's a free one-year subscription
to Disney Plus
[Applause]
watch it and this is Jeff Ogden and her
music
we'll be right back Jeff for everybody
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on